# Readme

This library contains three types of PDDL files:

* **Domain file** (xxx.pddl), in which the models including control primitives (CPs) are defined.

* **Problem file** (xxx_prob.pddl), in which the problems including initial state and goal are defined.

* **Plan file** (xxx_prob.plan) corresponding to the problem, in which the result of each problem is saved.

The library contains nine PDDL domain files, with the exception of the [*xPPU.pddl*](\xPPU\xPPU.pddl) domain file which corresponds to each of the three problem files and their solution files, the remaining domains and problems correspond individually.

# Prerequisites

[PDDL Extention](https://github.com/jan-dolejsi/vscode-pddl) in vs-code needs to be installed.

Two planners are used:
* [Optic](https://nms.kcl.ac.uk/planning/software/optic.html) 
* [LPG-td](https://lpg.unibs.it/lpg/) 

Which planner is used to calculate each strategy is marked in the corresponding domain file.

# Content

The eight domains in this library, excluding [*xPPU.pddl*](\xPPU\xPPU.pddl), can be divided into four application scenarios, which are stored in the following four folders. [*xPPU.pddl*](\xPPU\xPPU.pddl) is a collection of these application scenarios.
- [Readme](#readme)
- [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
- [Content](#content)
    - [***Auto-mode***](#auto-mode)
      - [1.xPPU\_old.pddl](#1xppu_oldpddl)
      - [2.xPPU\_new.pddl](#2xppu_newpddl)
    - [***Transport\_mode***](#transport_mode)
      - [3.transport.pddl](#3transportpddl)
    - [***Recovery\_1***](#recovery_1)
      - [4.recovery\_1.pddl](#4recovery_1pddl)
    - [***Recovery\_2***](#recovery_2)
      - [5.recovery\_2\_first.pddl](#5recovery_2_firstpddl)
      - [6.recovery\_2\_second.pddl](#6recovery_2_secondpddl)
      - [7.recovery\_2\_third.pddl](#7recovery_2_thirdpddl)
      - [8.recovery\_2\_fourth.pddl](#8recovery_2_fourthpddl)
    - [***xPPU***](#xppu)
      - [9.xPPU.pddl](#9xppupddl)


### ***Auto-mode***
Use Case 1: three components stack, crane, and stamp and three workpieces WP1 (metal), WP2 (white) and WP3 (black) are considered. Initially, all three workpieces are stored in the stack, and the target state is that they are stamped according to the requirements and transported to the conveyer.

#### 1.[xPPU_old.pddl](\Auto-mode\xPPU_old.pddl)
runs in LGP-td

include the transport CP **Location-oriented Modelling**

#### 2.[xPPU_new.pddl](\Auto-mode\xPPU_new.pddl)
runs in Optic

include the tranport CP **Carrier-oriented Modelling**

The plans of Use Case 1 listed out in the paper is generated by this domain.

### ***Transport_mode***
In this domain there are two T-positioned conveyors, on each of which there is a workpiece, and the goal is to exchange the positions of the two workpieces.
#### 3.[transport.pddl](\Transport_mode\transport.pddl)
runs in both planners

include the tranport CP **Mapping-oriented Modelling**

### ***Recovery_1***
Use Case 2: the crane cannot place the workpiece correctly due to jitter during turning, thereby a recovery form a placement failure is needed.  

#### 4.[recovery_1.pddl](\Recovery_1\recovery_1.pddl)
runs in both planners


### ***Recovery_2***
Use Case 3: this application scenario is for the transport of workpieces on conveyor belts, consisting of two transfer belts in a T-position, and two or three workpieces. The starting position and the target position are arbitrary.
#### 5.[recovery_2_first.pddl](\Recovery_2\recovery_2_first.pddl)
runs in LPG-td

Two workpieces are located on a single conveyor belt with a limited number of reachable positions.

#### 6.[recovery_2_second.pddl](\Recovery_2\recovery_2_second.pddl)
runs in both planners

The starting positions of the two workpieces are located on two conveyor belts, but the reachable positions are limited

#### 7.[recovery_2_third.pddl](\Recovery_2\recovery_2_third.pddl)
runs in Optic

The three workpieces are located on two conveyors, the start positions are located at any stand point and the arrival position is located at any discrete point. The two conveyors are not independent.

#### 8.[recovery_2_fourth.pddl](\Recovery_2\recovery_2_fourth.pddl)
runs in Optic

The two conveyor belts are independent of each other, based on recover_2_third.pddl.

The strategy of Use Case 3 in the paper is generated by this domain.

### ***xPPU***
Modelling xPPU, the domain is a collection of the three aforementioned Auto_new.pddl, recovery_1.pddl and recovery_2_forth.pddl domains, containing problem files for the three Use cases.
#### 9.[xPPU.pddl](\xPPU\xPPU.pddl)
with three problems and their plans, runs in Optic
